DANNY:
I gotta take a leak.
BAEZ: How many times
do I have to tell you?
Caffeine is a diuretic.
A what?
Just switch to decaf.
What fun would
that be?
About as much fun as waiting
around on this lowlife.
Where the
hell is he?
Think I like waiting
on a junkie dirtbag
any more than you do?
(sighs)
Well, you won't have
to wait much longer.
Tour's almost over.
He's your CI.
(car door opening)
You know, you're
gonna buy it,
you ever pull a stunt
like that again.
Oh, you think I like sneaking
around like this?
I can't be seen
talking to you two.
Well, start talking, then.
Money first.
What... I think
you're high already.
Talk first.
Who's the new fence buying up
all the swag
in the
neighborhood?
See, that's-that's
big information
and you know it.
I want $40 and
I want it up front.
DANNY:
You didn't get it, did you?
You didn't get a name,
you didn't get anything.
I'm getting it,
all right?
It's... and I got
a really good lead.
I just... I just need
to get my fix first.
BAEZ:
No info,
no dough.
Hey!
Come here.
Ah, ah, ah, ah.
Come here, come here.
Give me the money.
Hey. Listen.
You ever pull a stunt
like that again,
you're going in the river,
you got it?
Get out of here.
Come on. Go.
Go on.
JANKO:
Oh....
It should be illegal,
what you're doing right now.
What?
Sullying the reputation
of this beautiful girl.
(man singing indistinctly)
She'll get over it.
I'll get over it.
♪ You were lost ♪
♪ And gone forever ♪
♪ Oh, my darling ♪
♪ Charlene. ♪
(Janko chortles)
Check out this
Romeo over here.
Why won't you look at me?
Charlene,
the least you could do
is-is look at me.
Charlene!
Whoa, hey. Hey.
JAMIE:
Calm down. Hey.
Hey!
Oh. Nope.
JAMIE:
Hands behind your back.
Give me your hands.
Oh, man, you smell.
What are we doing here?
Ah, gettin'
some coffee.
We're almost end of tour.
Get one back
at the squad.
It'll take two
minutes, partner.
You're annoying,
you know that?
I've been told.
Two black.
Nah, I don't want one.
Suit yourself.
It's free.
Thanks.
I appreciate that.
Psst.
Hey. Hey!
(grunting)
(Baez screams)
(groaning)
(grunts)
You okay?
Yeah, yeah,
I'm right behind you.
Gun!
(panting)
DANNY:
Hey!
Stop! Police!
(grunts)
Police!
Hey!
Move!
(woman yells)
5-4 detectives requesting
a 10-13,
122 Ditmars.
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
Hold it!
(panting)
Let me see your hands.
Wait, wait,
don't shoot!
Shut your mouth.
Hey. Back inside
the apartment.
(door closes)
Turn around, put your
hands against the wall,
or I promise I'll throw you
out that window.
Hey!
(screams)
(grunts)
(man screaming)
(screaming, sobbing)
My leg!
Call an ambulance!
(groans)
Look at that.
That cop--
he pushed me out the window!
Hey, just calm down.
You did...
Just stop moving!
(angry murmuring)
MAN: Police brutality!
Police brutality!
Calm down.
Yo! What the hell, lady?!
Okay, everybody back!
(shouting indistinctly)
Stay back.
Stay back!
MAN:
Police brutality!
♪ Blue Bloods 5x04 ♪
Excessive Force
Original Air Date on October 17, 2014
== sync, corrected by elderman ==
@elder_man
♪  ♪
MAN: Police brutality!
Police brutality!
DANNY:
He's lying, Sarge.
I didn't do nothing.
Not a thing?
So he gave himself
a broken leg?
I never put a hand on him.
All right.
Walk me through it.
I cornered
the suspect
in the third
floor hallway,
held him at gunpoint,
ordered him not to move.
And then what
happened?
He ran and jumped.
He jumped?
He jumped!
He jumped out a
third-story window?
I'm telling you, he jumped!
He just hurled his body
through that window
out that a building
from almost 30 feet.
That's your story?
It's not a story.
It's the truth.
Can you corroborate
any of this?
He's telling the truth.
So you saw it go down?
No.
I arrived
after the fact.
Then how do you
know what happened?
Because that's what
Danny said happened.
Right.
Good luck on the grand
jury with that one.
Whoa, whoa, whoa!
Come on...
What are you talking about,
grand jury, Sarge?
He's lying!
Look around,
Detective.
You're in the middle
of a megillah.
Of all the places,
and all the time, you
gotta pull a stunt like this
in Reverend Potter's
backyard?
POTTER:
It's okay, son.
God is with you.
I am with you.
We are all with you!
CROWD:
Yes!
And we are not gonna
let the NYPD
get away with this.
No! No!
No, we won't!
Once again, the boys in blue
have shown us their true colors.
Not content with just being
a police officer,
today, a member of the New York
Police Brutality Department
has decided that
he was judge, jury
and executioner.
Yeah, yeah!
That's right.
Rather than just arrest
this man and give him
his day in court,
this cop threw him out a window.
Lord have mercy.
Now, wait, wait, wait,
wait, wait, wait.
I'm afraid it gets worse.
MAN: What?
There's more.
The cop who did this
is not just any cop.
Who...
No, sir.
The cop who did this
is no other
than Commissioner Frank Reagan's
own flesh and blood.
That's right, y'all.
(crowd exclaims)
His own son!
So now what are
we gonna do about that, y'all?
We are gonna go down
to Commissioner Frank Reagan's
doorstep.
We are gonna go down to One PP!
So, now, where we going?
(chanting):
One PP!
CROWD: One PP!
Say it again!
Can we go home now?
I think I'm feeling much better.
JANKO:
That's great.
We have to wait for
the doc to clear you.
Well, when
will that be?
I don't know.
When will that be?
Why you looking at me?
What do you want me to do?
(sighs)
Why don't you go flash
those baby blues of yours
at Dr. Lambchop over there?
You think?
It's worth a shot.
How long do you want to be here?
(indistinct announcement
over P.A.)
Excuse me.
I'll get to you
when I can, Officer.
Uh, Doc, we've been waiting
here for over two hours.
And I've been here
for over 26.
And the day
before that, 32.
before that, 28.
Do you see where
I'm going with this, Officer?
My days have more
than 24 hours in them.
How is that
even possible?
I'm sorry,
that was weird.
No, I'm-I'm sorry.
I was rude. Um...
I shouldn't have
spoken to you that way.
Wow.
(laughs)
What?
That's the first decent thing
another human being
has said to me
since I've arrived in the city.
Jennifer Bennet.
M.D.
Sorry, I'm still
not totally used
to saying that yet.
Jamie Reagan. P.O.
Uh, New Yorkers can seem
a little rough at first,
but you'll see, we come around.
What's this?
Police courtesy card.
It's like a get out
of jail free card.
Use it anytime you get
pulled over inside
the five boroughs.
Thank you.
(indistinct announcement
over P.A.)
Use that if you ever
want to get a drink.
Okay.
Let's see about your guy.
All right.
POTTER: Where are we?
CROWD: One PP!
Where are we?
One PP!
Let me hear you!
Now, now, wait, wait, wait.
I want to thank you all
for coming.
'Cause it's only through
your support that
we shall be heard.
(cheering)
Hallelujah.
Now, I want to introduce you
to someone
who knows Detective Reagan
very well.
Willie...
why don't you tell us
what happened
in your meeting
with Detective Reagan,
earlier this morning?
(clears throat)
He hit me.
(crowd exclaims)
He hit you? Where?
Well, first he smacked me
in the head
and then he kicked me.
(crowd exclaims)
And he kicked you,
as well?
That's right.
In the butt.
(crowd booing)
So he smacked you in the head
and kicked you in the behind.
Well, surely you must have
been doing something illegal.
Something that must have
warranted this kind of abuse.
No, sir.
He was mad 'cause he heard
there was a new fence
in the neighborhood
and he wanted his name.
But I didn't know it.
(crowd exclaiming)
Did you hear that?
This man was beaten
over the head
and stomped on
by Detective Reagan
because he didn't know
who was selling
stolen goods
in the neighborhood?
(clamoring)
Do y'all know who
the new fence is?
'Cause I sure don't.
Let's hope we don't run
into Detective Reagan,
unless we catch ourselves
a beat down!
(crowd cheering)
POTTER: Does this sound right to you?
CROWD: No!
You need to hold
a press conference.
And say what?
Anything.
There's nothing to say.
We don't have all the facts.
Read the five-day forecast,
for all I care.
Potter can heat up some hearsay
and half-truths
and turn them into
his Gettysburg Address;
it's what he does.
I can't.
I don't want to and I won't.
Your willingness
to appear on camera
would signal support for Danny.
You know someone who thinks
I'm not supporting my son?
The impression your silence...
Give me a name
and address and I'll send 'em
a hand-written note.
I'm gonna tell you
I told you so.
Told me so, what?
You need to pick
a new Chief of Department.
Oh, please.
A highest-ranking uniform,
for exactly situations
like this.
Like this?
Like when my son is being
accused of brutality?
Like when you want
to put out the word,
but you don't want
to put out the final word.
Like when you need
to duck and stall
with authority
and proper protocol.
I am not trying
to duck and stall.
Of course you are.
You don't have a choice.
And you fired
your right-hand months ago.
(door closes)
(no audio)
(sighs)
Reagan.
I've been asked to send you
to the record room
soon as you get in.
Great.
Internal Affairs?
Reagan, if it is IAB--
you shut your hole
and get a lawyer.
Shut the door.
Take a seat.
Dad...
Sit.
I got to ask.
On advice of counsel?
Don't be a wise-ass.
What's the alternative?
That my old man thinks
I threw some guy
out of a third-story window?
I never thought that
for a second.
Then what'd you come to ask?
(sighs heavily)
Events leading up.
Events leading up are...
pursued the suspect
into the hallway,
and he just got
it into his head
that he could spread
his wings and fly.
You lay hands on him?
Never got close enough.
Are you certain?
Dust the clown for prints--
you will not find mine.
Witnesses?
A kid, he opened
his apartment door,
but I told him
to get back inside.
He comply?
As far as I know.
My attention was elsewhere,
on the suspect.
Which, I believe, the
department manual would advise.
Look...
I got to do this retail.
I got to look under every rock
before the other guy does.
Potter?
Yeah.
Where the hell does this guy
get all this power?
Some he grabbed, some he earned.
Some we gave him
and his like over the years,
on a silver platter.
Danny, think.
Is there anything
I need to know?
Yeah.
I might have told the guy to get
your hands against the wall,
or I'll throw you
out the window.
Just mouthing off?
Yes.
Anybody hear you?
He did.
That's probably
where he got the idea.
The kid?
I don't know.
Or a neighbor, maybe.
But I couldn't know.
Well...
we'll soon find out.
Not for a second.
(door closes)
So, you gonna
call her, Reagan?
Who?
What, you
mean the doc?
Yeah, the doc.
Well, why you asking
me about that?
Why you being weird
all of a sudden?
We're partners, we talk
about pretty much everything.
We don't usually talk
about that stuff.
We don't? Is that,
like, a new rule?
No, it's just that
that one time when we, uh...
Where we what?
You know, I just don't want
things to get weird.
Well, then you need to stop
making things weird.
How am I making it weird?
Because you're acting
like a typical guy.
I mean, look, we spend
a lot of time together.
We get along.
One night, we went out,
we had a few drinks,
and we ended up kissing.
It happens all the time.
O-Okay.
Do I look like
I'm carrying a torch here?
No. No.
Well, then you need
to get over yourself.
You're the one who started
this conversation, not me.
I thought we were friends.
We are.
Well, that's
what friends do, Reagan.
They share with each other
things that are going on
in their lives.
All right, fine.
Y-You want me to share?
We went out last night.
You and the doc,
y-you already...
you went out?
Yeah, met for a drink.
Oh.
(stammering):
Good... that's...
good, you know,
good for you, you know.
Expired registration.
BRENNAN:
You're very quiet today.
Osso buco this good, it'd be
a sin to talk through it.
What's on your mind, Frank?
Actually...
I could use a little
professional advice.
I will do my best.
I'm in the cage with Reverend
Darnell Potter again.
So I heard.
But I would like
to handle it...
better this time.
Unlike the other times.
The Lord loves a trier, right?
So they say, Frank. So they say.
But this time it is different.
He is dragging my son through
the mud, for his own purposes.
So, it's personal.
It sure as hell is.
Sorry.
He is still...
a man of the cloth, like you.
Albeit a sharkskin suit
kind of cloth, from what I know.
How do I defend against a man
without offending his flock?
Without insulting their faith?
May I quote Scripture?
Not unless you want
to put me to sleep.
From the book of John,
“Even if a brother
has done us wrong,
“we will not want to injure
that brother's credibility
within the body.”
What's the body?
The community.
And how do you get that done?
By delivering
your complaint in private.
With the respect of discretion.
Scripture give an example?
Yes, from the book
of  The Godfather: Part II.
Yeah.
When Michael confronts Fredo
about his treachery,
he says,
“I know it was you, Fredo.
You broke my heart,
you broke my heart.”
He delivers his accusation
right into Fredo's ear.
It's just between
the two of them.
Despite Michael's anger,
he hides it from their community
so that the community
might preserve.
I'm here.
Good.
Follow me.
Detective Powell.
This is Detective
Reagan. Tell him.
Tell me what?
Look, I don't know
if I'm even right.
Like I said,
it was just a hunch.
I had Powell re-canvass
the apartment building.
He spoke to the family
that lived
off the hall from where
our guy went out the window.
Okay.
What did they say?
Well, like I told you,
my Spanish ain't much.
For the most part,
they just kept saying
that they didn't see anything.
Okay. So, what
are we doing here?
Get to the boy.
Little boy?
Son of a bitch.
There was a little boy,
came out in the hallway
when I had my gun
on Lincoln.
I-I told him
to go back inside, though.
I think he might have
snuck a peak.
What makes you think that?
Well, like I told you,
my Spanish ain't much,
but, uh...
kind of heard him tell his
parents something like--
the black guy was going crazy
and jumped out the window.
And when Powell asked him
to repeat it in English,
so we could take a statement,
the parents said
the kid saw nothing,
and they shut the door
in his face.
They're illegals,
I think they got spooked.
I get it.
Let's un-spook them.
Hey, Eddie.
You see tomorrow's
roll call?
Renzulli's got you riding
out with McKenna.
You want me to straighten
this out?
No, Jamie. I did that.
You did?
Yeah, McKenna was asking around
for someone to ride with,
and I just thought it might be
a nice change of pace.
Okay.
What? It's just one ride.
Absence makes the heart
grow fonder, right?
Right.
What's wrong?
Nothing.
Come on, something's
on your mind.
Over a year together, and
I can count on one hand
the number of times we haven't
rolled out as partners.
What are you saying?
I'm saying,
it's some coincidence.
I-I'm saying maybe you're upset
I went out with Jenn?
(laughs)
Uh. Well, for your information,
McKenna's running
a decoy unit tomorrow,
and he needs a female
to pose as a hooker.
That's why I agreed
to ride with him.
Janko, I-I'm sorry,
I didn't know.
Yeah, I know you didn't know,
but I-I appreciate the
conclusion you jumped to.
Jackass.
Garrett, I need you
to reach out to Potter.
Why aren't you
in the Compstat meeting?
Because I'm here, I need you
to reach out to Potter.
And I will, but I need you
in that meeting.
So you say, but...
It's Lieutenant Trumbull's turn
in the Chief
of Department's chair.
He's the last best candidate,
and you need to make a decision.
I need you to
reach out to Potter.
Came up
through the ranks.
Decorated twice.
Three different master's
from John Jay,
including
business management.
Fielding offers from the PD
in Boston, Chicago and Miami.
I'm taking you
down there myself.
That's not necessary.
Frank, I can be a lot
of things to you,
chief cook
to bottle washer,
and it's my honor and pleasure
to serve as best I can,
but I cannot be
Chief of Department.
(Frank sighs)
And you need one.
TRUMBULL:
Sergeant Gormley.
From the look of
these numbers,
you are leading one of the top
detective squads in the city.
I got good cops.
Your squad has cleared
more homicides
than any other in the city.
You don't deserve any credit?
Only for staying
out of their way.
(chuckling)
Perhaps you should get in their
way a little more often.
Chief?
One of your detectives
stands accused
of throwing a man
out of a third-story window.
And the main
reason that charge
is being so thoroughly
investigated
is because Detective Reagan has
a reputation
for being aggressive.
A reputation which he has earned
while under your supervision.
(door opens)
MAN: Ten-hut.
FRANK:
Carry on.
(door closes)
Uh, the surge in push-in
robberies in your precinct is
is at a historic
year-to-year high.
What is your squad doing
to nail this spike back down?
Can you speak to
that, Sergeant?
What were you speaking
to when I walked in?
Sir?
I walked in, a page got turned.
Sergeant?
All due respect, sir,
the chief's at the wheel.
All due respect,
Sergeant.
I asked you the question.
Detective Reagan's situation.
And my part in its, um...
origins.
That sound right?
I was asking the
sergeant, sir,
if his management style
might've given the men and women
under his command reason
to suppose that
showing results outweighed
proper procedure
in obtaining those results.
Men and women or one man?
I was using Detective Reagan
as an example, sir.
Sergeant?
I forgot the question, sir.
Do you need me
to repeat it for you?
No. I don't know.
However you put it,
I don't know.
Sergeant Gormley?
GORMLEY:
Look, when I came on this job,
it was just that.
A job.
A steady paycheck
with decent benefits
for a working class guy
to support his family on.
Now you got guys
with master's degrees
in Tactical Police Strategies.
PhDs in Restorative
Justice in Urban Policing.
Your point?
I liked this department
the way it used to be.
When a Danny Reagan would
get a tip of the cap instead
of a  rip every time
he did what had to be done!
And there's
no Compstat hot seat
hot enough to make me
feel otherwise.
Come on, police! Open up!
What do you think?
They're probably just scared.
You're not in any trouble.
We just want to talk.
No están allí.
Do you know
when they will be back?
They moved.
Whoa, what... When?
When?
In the middle of the night.
They move and they say
they never coming back.
Reverend Potter, sir.
(door closes)
Thanks for meeting me
in private.
Thanks for the invitation.
Private is the two of us only.
Well, he's here.
He was just leaving.
I've about exhausted
the pleasantries, you?
We agree on something.
Can we agree on another?
We don't like each other.
But we can respect one another's
positions and respective
institutions.
I don't feel your respect.
I asked you to speak in private.
I didn't vilify you in public.
You don't need
the public square.
You command the forces
of might, right and white.
Give me a break, Rev.
There's no cameras
or microphones in here.
Why don't you sit down?
I'd like to offer you a gift.
Generous, but, um,
as commissioner,
I'm afraid I can't accept.
How about as a father?
Tread carefully there.
An elegant solution
to an ugly dilemma.
Detective Reagan
retires from the NYPD,
and we drop the whole thing.
No grand jury.
No charges.
You can't promise no charges.
You don't have the power.
They're not yours to bring.
No grand jury.
You can't promise that either.
That's up to
the district attorney.
You and I both know that if
I call off the pressure...
What exactly have you got?
Ernesto Rodriquez.
Little boy across the hall
who saw the whole thing.
He's ready to say
he saw your son
push Jessy Lincoln
out the window.
Your words in his mouth.
His words,
Commissioner.
His eyewitness account.
If this boy witnessed
a crime he should
be interviewed
by my detectives,
the district attorney's office
and Child Services.
So you can deliver
him and his family
to Immigration and put him on
the first boat back to Mexico?
Look, I will
personally guarantee
his family immunity
from deportation.
And...
we can make
the announcement together.
The only interview
Ernesto will be giving
is to the media.
Unless...
Unless my son resigns
from the NYPD.
That's what's on the table.
Why are you doing this?
What do you hope to gain
from this charade?
The trust of the people.
And their faith
that the NYPD
can and will be
held accountable.
(laughs softly)
I'll say this--
you're good at what you do.
It's a pity that what you do
is so damn corrupt.
That's not a word I'd be
tossing around, Mr. Reagan.
You let me know.
But you didn't do it.
No, I didn't do it.
So, why don't
you just say that?
'Cause it's not
that simple, kiddo.
But Potter knows
you didn't do it.
That doesn't matter to him.
NICKY:
This is ridiculous.
HENRY: Until you're the one
in the spotlight.
Then it becomes a nightmare.
Ever happen to you?
The Knapp Commission.
Every cop with a
stripe on his sleeve
was guilty
until he was proved innocent.
That's overstating it, Pop.
You weren't there, Francis.
That's how we felt.
NICKY:
I still don't get why though.
I mean, what did Uncle Danny
ever do to Reverend Potter?
Because he carries
my last name.
And Pop's. Two PC's.
Okay, now you're overstating it.
It was a specific incident.
Two blocks from his church.
Yes and yes.
But he's one in a long line
that thinks of the police
as an occupying force
and fancies himself
as leader of the resistance.
So, when opportunity
knocks as it did here,
Potter heads for the door.
It is just so wrong.
Look, it is
what it is.
JACK: What, so you're
not gonna fight it?
When you interviewed Ernesto,
the family had moved, right?
Right.
Why?
They were illegal. I'm
sure they were afraid
we were gonna come
back and get them.
Yeah. But where'd they move?
We couldn't know.
No one helped them pack?
Lent them a car?
Got a forwarding address?
No one that we could
get out of them.
Well, somebody did.
Somebody sponsored
that relocation.
Had to have.
Don't you think?
Excuse me.
You're gonna need a subpoena.
Uh...
what just happened?
(distant siren wailing)
Sorry about the
short notice, Greg.
Aw, we're the
original 24-hour store.
Well...
I took your advice
about Reverend Potter.
But you didn't come here
with the good news.
If there was ever
any respect there, it's gone.
He insisted I give up
my son to his agenda.
Or else.
I see.
I can't protect against him
without exposing him.
Can't or won't, Frank?
Both, I guess.
And you want
what from me?
My blessing to
take him out?
How much mercy
am I required to show?
Well, there isn't any
metric that I know of.
You show as much
mercy as you can.
It's as simple...
and as complicated as that.
A left.
Huh.
Another left.
He's circling the block.
Dry cleaning.
He's definitely going
to see Ernesto's family.
Either that or he's got
another girlfriend
and he's taking
extra precaution, you know?
Looks like he's pulling over.
These are some swanky digs.
BAEZ:
You think those presents
are for his girlfriend?
Not a chance in hell.
Looks like Ernesto's family
is moving on up.
Yup.
MAN: The manager should be down
in just a second.
Oh, there he is, Detective.
You the one in charge
of new leases?
Yes.
But I'm afraid we have
nothing left available.
It's not for us.
A new family moved in here
just yesterday.
We'd like to take a look
at their lease.
I'm sorry.
That's not something
I'm allowed to share with you.
Sure you are.
(door opens)
Morning, Reverend.
Commissioner.
You promised Detective
Reagan. Where is he?
I don't know.
I don't keep very close tabs
on my children.
He's not coming.
No.
I came in his stead.
My whole life,
I've dealt with cops
who tell you one thing
and do another.
And while I'm disappointed
that you are no different...
(sighs)
...I'm not surprised.
That's why I always
carry my own insurance.
(excited chattering)
Oh...
You told the press
we were meeting here.
In case you pulled
a stunt like this.
That was stupid.
Reverend, we are walking
out of here together.
Just you and I.
The only choice you have
is do we walk
with you in handcuffs?
Whatever you think
you got on me,
I can assure you,
you don't have it.
Well...
...I got your signature
on a check and a lease
that both trace back
to your shelter corporation.
So I signed a lease for
an underprivileged family.
There's no crime in that.
Unless there were
strings attached.
Like... giving
the Rodriguez family money
in exchange for
Ernesto's false testimony.
The DA calls that
bribing a witness.
That is a class D felony.
Your word against my word.
Actually, I think Ernesto's word
is going to carry the day.
You're bluffing.
They asked me
to give you back your swag.
And now you're going
to crucify me.
No.
I am going to give you
the respect
that you wouldn't give my son.
I'm going to give you
one last chance
to honor the cloth you wear
and the title
you put before your name.
Why?
(exhales)
Shut up and start walking
before I change my mind.
The police officer
kept yelling,
“Put your hands up,
put your hands up!”
But the bad guy
wouldn't listen.
I think he was on drugs
or something.
Then, all of a sudden,
he just went crazy
and smashed his head
through the window.
And then he just...
jumped.
Guess you heard already.
What are you doing here?
Brought you a get-well gift.
You're under arrest.
Just in case,
you know, you...
decide you want to try
and fly again.
You have the right
to remain silent.
Anything you say may
be used against you
in a court of law.
You have the right
to an attorney.
If you cannot afford
an attorney...
(continues indistinctly)
Me and Baez are
gonna call it a day.
I need a beer, I'm
going to Fitzgerald's.
You want to
come with?
Another time, Reagan.
You going somewhere?
Siberia.
You've had enough
of your own problems.
I didn't want to burden
you with mine.
What are you talking about,
Sarge?
Kind of blew up in
the hot seat at Compstat.
Oh, no.
Oh, yeah.
Put my foot in my mouth
big time.
Just got a call
from the commissioner.
He wants to see me and my box
down at One PP.
Well, how about
I'll talk to him.
The hell you will.
But I appreciate
the offer.
I don't know what
to say, Sarge.
I'm not dying, Reagan.
I'm just gettin'
transferred.
It's not the first time
I been bounced
around in this job.
Yeah, and it probably
won't be the last.
(laughs) You know what,
Reagan?
You're one of the worst
detectives I've ever had.
That means a lot,
coming from the worst
boss I ever had.
Yeah. Take it easy, kid.
I'll see you around, Sarge.
(sighs)
(muffled music playing)
(music continues)
Bull's-eye!
Man!
Winner buys the next round.
Oh, okay, okay.
Hey, can I get three more?
Thanks.
What are...
what are you doing here?
Looking for you.
Yeah, well,
I'm off-duty.
Okay, well, I only
need a minute.
I just want to
apologize.
For what?
I misread you.
I thought you
were, like...
acting jealous
or something.
So... my bad.
Why would I be jealous?
You wouldn't be.
What if I was?
I don't know, this...
thing we have,
here, is...
kind of undefined.
Mm-hmm.
And... and
we're flying
without the instruments.
At least I am.
Well, you didn't
misread me completely.
I... I asked McKenna
if I could ride with him
before I knew he needed
a female for his decoy unit.
But I'm not calling it jealousy.
Neither am I.
(laughs)
We're good?
Hey, we're good.
Okay.
(laughs)
Um, let's shoot darts.
Drink beers.
Uh... another time.
I'm booked.
Oh, fancy.
Paging Dr. Lambchop?
Come on, Eddie.
It's a joke, Jamie.
Remember jokes?
It's just dinner.
Well, you don't need
my permission.
Really.
Okay, I'll see you tomorrow.
See you in the morning.
Okay, I'll see  you
in the morning.
All right.
Go have fun.
Sergeant Gormley, sir.
Commissioner.
(door closes)
At ease, Sergeant.
Put the box down,
take a load off.
Sir, I...
I got a big mouth, Commissioner.
You know?
I-I get emotional
and I don't think
before I speak.
You retracting what you said?
Which part, sir?
What you said
about liking
this department better
the way it used to be.
No, I stand by that.
Good.
Sir?
I agree with exactly zero
of what you said.
It's cheap and easy
to dress up lazy police work
as some sort of
Runyonesque treasure
from a bygone era.
Yes, sir.
But I appreciate you
having the balls
to say it to my face.
And I want you to come
to work for me here.
Now, I know you only hold
the rank of sergeant,
so civil service
law prevents me
from naming you
Chief of Department.
But... that is, effectively,
what your role will be.
Oh... I...
Commissioner, I...
There are 100 people
more qualified for that job.
You're probably right.
Then why me?
Sid...
when they asked me to throw
my hat in the ring for this job,
I had exactly the same reaction
that you're having right now.
I was a cop, not a suit.
I liked the street view,
not the one from
high up in headquarters.
(drumming fingers)
So... I understand.
Well, what changed your mind?
A man I trusted and admired
gave me a four-word answer
to my question then,
to your question now:
Why me?
How am I in any way qualified?
What he said?
“You're a cop's cop.”
Well... nobody calls me that.
Yeah, they do.
And so do I.
And I need a cop's cop up here,
and more every day.
I need to stay connected
to the rank and file
and I need your help.
(exhales)
So can I count you in?
Yes, sir.
Good.
So... how does Special Assistant
to the Commissioner
sound to you?
Awful.
== sync, corrected by elderman ==
@elder_man
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org